---
title: I give up...or did I
layout: post
author: joseph.kerridge
permalink: /i-give-up...or-did-i/
source-id: 1xpM1WNFXCmPmDyROzfYnFbokc1N0fcu7hkx-kZw4afc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>I give up...or did I </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/6/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I started this lesson hating code academy and I ended liking it a bit more...only a bit though.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be calm and relaxed in the lesson, not to get worked about questions and work through everything in a nice organised fashion. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Did I do this; yes. Was it hard; yes. Do I still dislike codecademy; yes. But you can't be good at everything can you, except your if name is Matt Damon or Tom Cruise.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson, what I did that I don't think that I did in other lesson was ask my mates for help and help my mates in order to help myself, by doing this I felt that I could learn from helping others as seeing where they went wrong and seeing where I went went wrong meant I could help me and them. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Lack of concentration, I say this because I did what I needed to do but now because I have disliked codecademy for so long I am finding it hard to find motivation to do the work, if codecademy were to explain your mistakes in a better way then I think I would enjoy it more.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mainly my attitude towards codecademy, next week I will really try to understand where I go wrong more and try to take a step back, get the concentration to do my work in a mature way and find the motivation to do my work in a better way.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


