---
title: I am back!!!!
layout: post
author: joseph.kerridge
permalink: /i-am-back!!!!/
source-id: 1od7tDKGr3tV1uyU_nnk7tnkDQ1R-v1bhpJ0pEyB64Ss
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>I'm back, did you miss me?</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>8/5/17
It’s 2017!!!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Before I get into any of this you might want to know where I have been for all this time, well I have been doing drama lessons and been enjoying it, but I have been missing doing blogs so now I am doing IT again I thought I should carry on with my tradition of doing the blogs.
Because we are doing IT again you might want to know what I am doing, we are doing something called Codecademy, t is a really good website in which you learn to code, pretty cool. Here is the link to the website: https://www.codecademy.com/</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>M target of the lesson was to get far into Javascript, which is the section we are doing it in and prove something to my teacher.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No, not really anyway, however it is not the end of the world as our teacher stressed to us that we should go at our own pace which is what I ended up doing.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I started of thinking that if I were to rush through it I would look good and impress my teacher, however this was not the case as I was finding it hard as I was rushing through it, so instead I went slower and although I was behind a lot of people I understood it, that's what schools for, learning and understanding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>A I said before, I was rushing. I was trying to impress my teacher and prove something, instead of proving something to him I proved to myself and that was that I can’t rush something and I have to take time over a task in order for me to fully understand what I am doing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week I will make sure that I don’t rush, all I need to do is relax, take it slow so I can understand it and make sure that I can prove to my teacher that I really understand it and remember it rather than rush through it and hardly remember any of it. As it will do me better in the future.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


